loop counters
1,1,3,1,1,2,4,1,2,8,3,2,3,2,9,2,3,2,4,5,3,3,3,3; (last tile start)
//1 x all city
ccccc;ccccc;ccccc;ccccc;ccccc;
//1x endpoint 4 roads
ffrff;ffrff;rrerr;ffrff;ffrff;
//3x  sided city w/ no shield
ccccc;ccccc;ccfcc;cfffc;fffff;
//1x 3 sided city w/ shield
ccccc;ccccc;ccfcc;cfffc;fffff;
//1x 3 sided city w/ road no shield
ccccc;ccccc;ccrcc;cfrfc;ffrff;
//2x 3 sided city w/ road and shield
ccccc;ccccc;ccrcc;cfrfc;ffrff;
//4x 3 way road w/ endpoint
fffff;fffff;rrerr;ffrff;ffrff;
//1x 2 sided city city at top and bottom
fffff;cfffc;ccccc;cfffc;fffff;
//2x 2 sided city city at top and bottom w/ shield
fffff;cfffc;ccccc;cfffc;fffff;
//8x top bottom road
ffrff;ffrff;ffrff;ffrff;ffrff;
//3x 2 sided city 2 sided field
ccccf;cccff;ccfff;cffff;fffff;
//2x 2 sidec city 2 sided field w/ shield
ccccf;cccff;ccfff;cffff;fffff;
//3x 2 sided city 2 sided field with road
ccccf;cccff;ccffr;cffrf;ffrff;
//2x 2 sided city 2 sided field with road w/ shield
ccccf;cccff;ccffr;cffrf;ffrff;
//9x 2 side road and field
fffff;fffff;rrrff;ffrff;ffrff;
//2x sided city on edge
fcccf;ffccf;fffcf;ffffc;fffff;
//2x sided city on left and on right
fffff;cfffc;ccfcc;cfffc;fffff;
//2x monastary with 1 road to bottom
fffff;fffff;ffmff;ffrff;ffrff;
//4x monastary on a field
fffff;fffff;ffmff;fffff;fffff;
//5x top city and field
fcccf;ffcff;fffff;fffff;fffff;
//3x top city road bottom to right
fcccf;ffcff;ffffr;fffrf;ffrff;
//3x top city road bottom to left
fcccf;ffcff;rffff;frfff;ffrff;
//3x top city with 3 way endpoint
fcccf;ffcff;fffff;rrerr;ffrff;
//3+1 top city road middle field
fcccf;fffff;rrrrr;fffff;fffff;

